you
the wind rush is based on the Peugeot
boxer it's seen here in silver it's all
two sleepers family van conversion
basically its eats and sleeps for it's
really easy to drive plus it has the
versatility of being able to be used as
your everyday car the two cup seats in
the wind was loud swivel to face the two
forward-facing seats which are both
trapezius these actually flied out to
make single beds at night and you can
see the the holes in the floors and
where the table sit turn or all four
people to die moving further back in the
century of the van you've got the
kitchen even for a family van you've got
a good specification you've got a
microwave up here a oven combined with
grill and a three burner harp with a
high speaker burner the sink has a
removable drainer for added flexibility
because it gives you all this work top
space opposite the kitchen you've got
the washroom actually oh another really
good space it's got a sliding door first
to so space and it's got a swivel
cassette toilet and a sliding basin to
allow you to create a shower area at the
back you've got the two bunks for the
kids each one has a cupboard and a shelf
with a light for all the knickknacks and
stuff and there's also storage under the
bottom bunk
you